The Empress Dowager was poisoned by my Southern Border secret potion.
I was originally the Holy Maiden of the Southern Border.
Years ago,
I was saved by the National Madam.
I then stayed in Songjiang.
I have watched the Empress Dowager grow up since she was a child.
I was the Empress Dowager’s nanny.
Jiang Momo.
The Empress Dowager is to confer a title to a certain Concubine tomorrow.
This is a great event!
Congratulations to the Concubine. Don’t be a Concubine.
I want to be the Empress.
Help me.
It’s all my fault.
All the mistakes are mine.
It’s all my doing.
Ah!
Princess and the Empress Dowager,
you are both as evil as me.
You are both responsible.
I will spare you death
for killing my niece.
But you cannot escape punishment.
From now on, you are exiled to Shu.
You will never enter the imperial city again.
As for the others, including the Concubine,
they will all be sent to the Supreme Court.
Tomorrow, they will be executed.
Take them all away.
Your Majesty,
Ah!
Master Shen has returned.
Mother, please rest.
I will take my leave now.
Greetings, Your Majesty.
Have you discovered anything, Your Majesty?
During the investigation,
I found that the divine physician by Prince Duan’s side and the one by Prince Rui’s side
are the same person.
Prince Duan is merely a decoy,
and the real mastermind is Prince Rui.
The divine physician managed to avoid my search
because he has been hiding in Prince Rui’s residence,
under Prince Rui’s protection.